update readme to remove stale information (#574)
RedHatInsights/ros-backend: README.md

```
Note - Before running the above commands make sure kafka and db-host-inventory containers are up and running.

## Available API endpoints

> Our REST API documentation can be found at /api/ros. You may access the raw OpenAPI definition [here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedHatInsights/ros-backend/refs/heads/main/ros/openapi/openapi.json).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Resource Optimization REST API documentation can be found at `/api/ros`. Its accessible at raw OpenAPI definition [here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedHatInsights/ros-backend/refs/heads/main/ros/openapi/openapi.json).
```

On a local instance it can be accessed on http://localhost:8000/api/ros/v1/openapi.json.

> For local dev setup, please remember to use the x-rh-identity header encoded from your account number and org_id, the one used while running `make insights-upload-data` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For local development setup, remember to use the `x-rh-identity` header encoded from account number and org_id, the one used while running `make insights-upload-data` command.
```
